Feat/disk (#771)
nojhan/liquidprompt: docs/functions/util.rst

   Stores the *code* in a variable named *variable*. If *code* is not set, uses
   the last return code instead.

.. function:: __lp_bytes_to_human(bytes, [precision]) -> var:lp_bytes, var:lp_bytes_units

>    Convert the given bytes into a human readable, using binary

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   Convert the given bytes into a human readable format, using binary
```

>    Convert the given bytes into a human-readable, binary-prefixed notation,
>    (i.e. powers of 2, as opposed to decimal-prefixed notation).

Reviewer: This wording is confusing. I think what you mean is powers of 2 by 10s, so 1024. I would word it more like:
```suggestion
   Convert the given bytes into a human-readable notation, using binary
   multiple-byte units. Eg: KiB instead of KB, 1024 instead of 1000.
```
